Update microsoft-connected-cache.md (#3782)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/configmgr/core/plan-design/hierarchy/microsoft-connected-cache.md

- Enable the following client settings in the [**Delivery Optimization**](../../clients/deploy/about-client-settings.md#delivery-optimization) group:

  - **Use Configuration Manager Boundary Groups for Delivery Optimization Group ID:**

>     This option is required only if you are using Delivery Optimization's Peer-to-peer. You do not need to set this option to use Microsoft Connected Cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This option is required only if you use Delivery Optimization peer-to-peer. You do not need to set this option to use Microsoft Connected Cache.
```
